[OSDOCS#17136]: Changes as per CQA guidelines (#111163)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-data-cleaning-container-images.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-data-cleaning-container-images_{context}"]

> = Clean all data and keep the container images

Reviewer: revert

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the `microshift-cleanup-data` script with the `--all` and `--keep-images` arguments to remove `{microshift-short}` data when retaining container images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can retain the {microshift-short} container images while cleaning all data by running the `microshift-cleanup-data` script with the `--all` and `--keep-images` arguments.
```
revert, the existing abstract was correct and said better

> Retaining the images reduces the time required to restart `{microshift-short}` because the necessary images are already available locally.

Reviewer: revert; update is not really accuracte and microshift is not to be backticked

> Running the script with these arguments performs the following actions:

Reviewer: revert; original is better and more user-focused

> * Stops and disable all {microshift-short} services

Reviewer: see previous, revert the bullets as well

* Deletes all {microshift-short} pods
* Resets network configuration
* Deletes the `/var/lib/microshift` data directory
* Deletes OVN-K networking configuration

[WARNING]
====
This option deletes all {microshift-short} data and user workloads. Use with caution.
====

.Prerequisites

> * You are logged into {microshift-short} as an administrator with root access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You are logged into {microshift-short}.
```

* You have filed a support case.

.Procedure

> . Clean up all data and user workloads when retaining the {microshift-short} container images.

Reviewer: revert

Author: This is more concise.

MicroShift service was disabled
Cleanup succeeded
----

> . Verify that the container images are still present.

Reviewer: revert

+
[IMPORTANT]
====
The `microshift-cleanup-data` script stops and disables the `{microshift-short}` service.
====

> . Restart the {microshift-short} service.

Reviewer: revert
